**Out put generated by GetNikeProductIDs() **
[0_nike 10_nike 20_nike 30_nike 40_nike 50_nike 60_nike 70_nike 80_nike 90_nike] 


**Out put generated by GetAdidasProductIDs()**
[0_adidas 5_adidas 10_adidas 15_adidas 
20_adidas 25_adidas 30_adidas 35_adidas 
40_adidas 45_adidas 50_adidas 55_adidas 
60_adidas 65_adidas 70_adidas 75_adidas 
80_adidas 85_adidas 90_adidas 95_adidas]


**Out put generated by GetPumaProductIDs()**
[0_puma 2_puma 4_puma 6_puma 8_puma 
10_puma 12_puma 14_puma 16_puma 18_puma 
20_puma 22_puma 24_puma 26_puma 28_puma 
30_puma 32_puma 34_puma 36_puma 38_puma 
40_puma 42_puma 44_puma 46_puma 48_puma 
50_puma 52_puma 54_puma 56_puma 58_puma 
60_puma 62_puma 64_puma 66_puma 68_puma 
70_puma 72_puma 74_puma 76_puma 78_puma 
80_puma 82_puma 84_puma 86_puma 88_puma 
90_puma 92_puma 94_puma 96_puma 98_puma]


Expected output :- [10_puma 12_puma 14_puma 16_puma 18_puma 10_adidas 15_adidas 10_nike]
The order might change because the values are concurrently called and added 

The main() function creates three channels, one for each brands(nike, adidas, puma), and uses three goroutines to extract the data from each function. After receiving the data from each channel, it checks if the product ID starts with the digit "1" and appends it to the output slice.


**routines/main.go**
A for loop runs three times, once for each function(brand). The loop uses a select statement to receive data from each brand's channel, and for each brand's data, it loops through the returned IDs and appends them to the output slice if they begin with the digit "1". Finally, printing the output slice.

Overall, the code is designed to retrieve data concurrently, utilizing Go routines and channels, and to filter out specific data based on a particular criterion before appending to a slice.


**routines02/main.go**
Each goroutine iterates through its respective slice of product IDs, checks whether the first character is '1', and if so, appends the ID to the "output" slice.

The WaitGroup is used to wait for all three goroutines to complete before printing the final "output" slice. Once all three goroutines have finished their tasks, the main function prints the final list of product IDs that start with the digit "1".
